主要翻译
 
candidate n (running for election)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 候选人 hòu xuǎn rén TC Traditional Chinese 候選人  (竞选)
 -- Several of the candidates took part in the debate.
 -- 有几位候选人参加了辩论。
 
candidate n (job applicant)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 候选人，应征者 hòu xuǎn rén，yìng zhēng zhě TC Traditional Chinese 候選人  (求职)
 -- We've narrowed the list of candidates to four.
 -- 我们已把候选人名单缩减到四人。
 
candidate n (person who is suitable for)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 人选 rén xuǎn TC Traditional Chinese 人選  (被认为可能适合者)
 -- Do you think he's a suitable candidate for promotion?
 -- 你觉得他是晋升的合适人选吗？

复合形式： 
 
doctoral candidate n (PhD student submitting a thesis)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 博士研究生 bó shì yán jiū shēng  
 
eligible candidate n (who may be voted for)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 有资格的候选者 yǒu zī gé de hòu xuǎn zhě  (竞选等)
 
eligible candidate n figurative (qualified for a job)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 符合要求的候选人 fú hé yāo qiú de hòu xuǎn rén  (比喻，职位等)
 -- We're obliged by law to consider all eligible candidates.
 
parliamentary candidate n (standing for election to government)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 议会候选人 yì huì hòu xuǎn rén  
 -- The parliamentary candidate gave a speech.
 
political candidate n (standing for election to government)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 政治竞选候选人 zhèng zhì jìng xuǎn hòu xuǎn rén  

在这些条目还发现' candidate '：
在英文解释里：
applicant - ballot - barnstormer - campaigner - caucus - contender - dark horse - deselect - election campaign - electioneer - endorse - endorsement - expected salary - headhunt - hopeful - interviewee - job applicant - leet - nomination - nominator - nominee - pass - political campaign - reference letter - run - running mate - salary expectations - spoiler - stalking-horse - stand - supporter - write-in
中文：
人选 - 候选人

标题中含有单词 'candidate' 的论坛讨论：



... scores an Express Entry candidate an additional 600 points for their profile

'He is a candidate every election' in American English

[ named] as a possible prime minister candidate

[adopt] Mr Trump as candidate

1 year from the time the candidate becomes a

A candidate who <had demonstrated> their aptitude for the job <would feel> rightly miffed

A credible candidate vs A successful candidate in politics

a lost presidential candidate

a new controversy < for/ to/ with >  the candidate.

A person qualified for a presidential pardon can be called a candidate?

a year less two months  / one fewer candidate [fewer v less]

Are you a Department of Work and Pensions New Deal candidate?

as a change candidate

ask four different questions of each candidate

candidate (AE vs BE)

Candidate for a pair of wings

candidate for high blood pressure

candidate for the 2020 incoming class

candidate for the Republicans

candidate has to "interview" or "be interviewed" with the company

Candidate hotels

candidate molecules

candidate of savage globalisation [periphrasis?]

candidate product

candidate student

candidate vs applicant

candidate, nominee and applicant

candidates' reports vs candidate's reports

Capitalization of job titles with the word "candidate"

compromise candidate



