主要翻译
 
characteristic n (distinguishing feature)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 特性 tè xìng TC Traditional Chinese 特性  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 特点 tè xìng，tè diǎn TC Traditional Chinese 特點 
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 特点 tè xìng，tè diǎn TC Traditional Chinese 特點 
 -- She has some characteristics that make her stand out from the crowd.
 -- 她身上的某些特性让她从芸芸众生中脱颖而出。
 
characteristic adj (typical)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 特有的 tè yǒu de  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 独特的 tè yǒu de ，dú tè de TC Traditional Chinese 獨特的 
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 富有特色的 tè yǒu de ，fù yǒu tè sè de 
 -- His characteristic laugh was heard across the room.
 -- 整个房间都能听到他那特有的笑声。

其他翻译
 
characteristic n (quality of sthg)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 特点 tè diǎn TC Traditional Chinese 特點  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 独特性 tè diǎn，dú tè xìng TC Traditional Chinese 獨特性 
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 特色 tè diǎn，tè sè TC Traditional Chinese 特色 
 -- A common characteristic of Rococo painting is lots of ornamentation.

复合形式： 
 
dominant characteristic n (genetic trait)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 优势遗传特征 yōu shì yí chuán tè zhēng  
 -- Blue eyes and melancholia are dominant characteristics in my family.

在这些条目还发现' characteristic '：
在英文解释里：
all over - artistic quality - attribute - autumnal - capitalistic - character trait - cirrhotic - colicky - defining - deistic - demagogic - distaff - distinctive feature - distinctness - distinguishing - earmark - feature - feudalistic - generational - grungy - hallmark - heredity - homiletic - human - idiomatic - idiosyncratic - institutional - ivory tower - key feature - kink - lend - main feature - mark - mongoloid - occidental - oddity - oligarchic - on-brand - operatic - order of the day - painterly - pantomimic - peculiar - peculiarity - penetrant - pioneer - poetic - point - proper to - proprietary
中文：
属性 - 特征 - 特点 - 特色 - 特质

标题中含有单词 'characteristic' 的论坛讨论：

The aim of this website is to discover the characteristic of the Chinese luxury products market

'Flared' is a characteristic of the...

a characteristic of the meaning of a concept

a disease is characteristic of [season]

A person of  [+ noun denoting a characteristic]

A physical property is a characteristic

Absentmindedness: The characteristic or state of being easily distracted or preoccupied

actual source characteristic

addictive quality vs characteristic vs property

addictive quality/characteristic/property

adding a characteristic postscript

Anscombe thought it 'quite characteristic of very bad degenerations of thought on such questions' that ...

Attribute or Characteristic ?

attributes [characteristic] of an element

be characteristic of

being 'characteristic of'...

Can it be characteristic of a person to be successful?

Character and characteristic

character vs characteristic

character/characteristic/trait/quality

Characteristic

characteristic (adjective/noun)

characteristic / feature / quality

Characteristic & annoying habits [will/would]

Characteristic behavior with will

Characteristic behavior with will and would

characteristic for

characteristic for/characteristic of

characteristic ingredient

characteristic of / in



