主要翻译
 
climate n (weather)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 气候 qì hòu TC Traditional Chinese 氣候  
 -- Some areas of Florida have a subtropical climate.
 -- 佛罗里达州的一些地区属于亚热带气候。
 
climate n figurative (mood of group, place)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 气氛，氛围 qì fēn，fēn wéi TC Traditional Chinese 氣氛  (比喻)
 -- It's difficult to propose new ideas in the current political climate.
 -- 在当前的政治氛围下，很难提出新的政策。

复合形式： 
 
climate change n (global warming)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 气候变化 qì hòu biàn huà TC Traditional Chinese 氣候變化  
 -- Scientists believe that climate change may be responsible for larger and more frequent storms.
 -- 科学家们相信气候变化可能就是更剧烈更频繁的暴风雨的原因。
 
climate control  (thermostat)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 温度控制  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 空调控制 
 
climate emergency n (urgent need to counter climate change)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 气候紧急状态  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 气候危机 
 
climate of opinion n (generally accepted beliefs)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 舆论 yú lùn TC Traditional Chinese 輿論  
 -- Logic has no force against an adverse climate of opinion.

在这些条目还发现' climate '：
在英文解释里：
acclimatize - arid - aridity - biome - climate emergency - climatic - climatological - climatologist - clime - dry - ecoclimatic - hardiness - harsh - hot - inhospitable - insular - Kyoto Protocol - microclimate - milder weather - snowbird - sunny weather - temperate zone - tropical - warm weather - weather - zone
中文：
气候

标题中含有单词 'climate' 的论坛讨论：



...that climate models assume if the world does little ...

A champion of climate change

A climate - climates

a climate change-fueled megadrought

a climate of change

A cool climate

a cool climate

A good climate

a likeable climate - use of articles

a richer, if a damper, climate

a U.S. Congress bereft of climate champions

absorb sunlight -- presenting climate modelers, who need

absorbing climate changes

Adaptation to climate change: very much a local governance?

address the climate change

against a climate of revolutionary optimism, where

allow climate/temperature control

Are climate change and climatic change interchangeable?

article in "Factors that influence climate"

attempts to temper climate change for generations

attribute the influence of climate change to a particular cold spell

<attribute> this largely to a climate change–linked explosion

balmy, fun-in-the-sun climate that will give you frostbite on your spleen.

big problems with climate change

Boasting an average 350 sunny days ..., Tucson's climate .... [climate boasts?]

bussiness environment vs bussiness climate [business]

cause /causing climate change

check climate or check weather

China to tackle climate change with 'nature-based solutions'

Climate



