主要翻译
 
conversion n (process: change in state or form)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 转变 zhuǎn biàn TC Traditional Chinese 轉變  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 变换 zhuǎn biàn，biàn huàn TC Traditional Chinese 變換 
 -- Some liquids undergo a conversion to gas at room temperature.
 
conversion n (currency, measurement)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 换算 huàn suàn TC Traditional Chinese 換算  
 -- The lady at the counter can do a currency conversion for you.
 
conversion, religious conversion n (adoption of religion)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 改变信仰 gǎi biàn xìn yǎng TC Traditional Chinese 改變信仰  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 皈依 gǎi biàn xìn yǎng，guī yī 
 -- Lila's conversion to Buddhism was surprising to her family.

其他翻译
 
conversion n UK (renovated and repurposed building)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 改造房屋  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 改造建筑 
 -- This conversion preserves some of the fixtures from the days when it was a factory.
 
conversion n (building: renovation, changing its use)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 改造 gǎi zào TC Traditional Chinese 改造  
 -- After the factory's conversion is complete it will be able to house 100 families.
 
conversion n (rugby: goal kick after a try)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 踢定位球得分  (橄榄球)
 -- The team scored three conversions.

复合形式： 
 
barn conversion n (outhouse modified for habitation)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 谷仓改建房  
 -- It's hard to believe that this magnificent house was a barn conversion.
 
file conversion n (computing: change of file format)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 文件格式转换  (计算机)
 -- The program took a long time to complete the file conversion.

在这些条目还发现' conversion '：
在英文解释里：
cast - compiler - containerization - contraposition - decimalization - digitalization - electrification - gasification - malting - nationalization - nominalization - pedestrianization - vaporization
中文：
变频

标题中含有单词 'conversion' 的论坛讨论：

conversion of Simplified Characters into Traditional Characters

a point gained <on> a conversion

annual conversion

"Articles of Conversion" vs "Certificate of Conversion"

assuming an average conversion efficiency

But the conversion is not true

clicks/conversion

Conversion

Conversion

Conversion of active voice to passive voice

Conversion of an active sentence into passive sentence

Conversion of noun to verb

Conversion of Passive to Active voice

Conversion of short-term memory to the long-term / to long-term one

conversion rate changes

emotional conversion has discovered that it is white and by that token, wonderful!

Goldie Wilson III <for> Wilson Hover Conversion Systems

he’s after the conversion of the century

high conversion rate

Knowledge conversion rate

Latin to English name conversion

make the conversion to sound

nor conversion error occurred vs nor did conversion error occur

potential conversion to accessible shower at ground floor level

Tenses Conversion

Tenses conversion in reported speech

The conversion target/goal of the church is 50/50 people.

the way to ask the conversion of different measurements

to make the conversion to sound

Treasure and conversion: mass nouns?



