主要翻译
 
employee n (worker)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 雇工 gù gōng  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 雇员 gù gōng，gù yuán 
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 员工 gù gōng，yuán gōng 
 -- The company requires all employees to follow the rules set out in the staff handbook.
 -- 该公司要求所有雇员都要遵守员工手册中载明的条例。

复合形式： 
 
employee screening n (vetting of potential workers)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 员工筛选  
 
employee turnover n (workers leaving)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 员工流失率，员工离职率，员工流动率  
 -- One sign of low company morale is high employee turnover.
 
government employee n (person employed by a government)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 政府雇员  
 
part-time employee n (work: not full time)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 兼职员工 jiān zhí yuán gōng TC Traditional Chinese 兼職員工  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 临时工 jiān zhí yuán gōng，lín shí gōng TC Traditional Chinese 臨時工 
 -- The company needs to hire some part-time employees during the busy holiday season.
 
public employee n (law: government worker)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 公职人员  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 公务员 gōng wù yuán TC Traditional Chinese 公務員 
 
salaried employee n (worker paid a fixed wage)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 领薪水的雇员 lǐng xīn shuǐ de gù yuán  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 受薪员工 lǐng xīn shuǐ de gù yuán，shòu xīn yuán gōng 
 -- The head of the department is a salaried employee; her assistant is paid hourly.
 
temporary employee n (worker on short-term contract)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 临时工 lín shí gōng TC Traditional Chinese 臨時工  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 临时雇员 lín shí gōng，lín shí gù yuán 
 -- The business took on a temporary employee while the secretary was away on maternity leave.

在这些条目还发现' employee '：
在英文解释里：
advertising executive - appraisal - appraiser - asset - baggage handler - beanfeast - bell captain - bellhop - busboy - civil servant - clock watcher - cog - compensation package - contract worker - contractor - cross-training - dairymaid - demote - direct report - discipline - dismiss - dismissed - dispatch - engage - ERISA - fed - file clerk - firing - floater - gofer - golden hello - gopher - gross up - help - hire - hire away - hotel concierge - intern - intrapreneur - job performance review - jobsworth - member of staff - noncombatant - offboarding - office manager - office worker - official - on board - onboarding - operative
中文：
员工 - 雇员 - 从业人员 - 职员 - 解聘 - 解雇

标题中含有单词 'employee' 的论坛讨论：

Cantonese: Referring generically to an employee of a business

-ee nouns [employee & addressee]

...returning employee

(The/An) employee may be

a personnel who's an working level employee?

a rising irritation with public employee unions is palpable

a senior employee

allowance for an employee for holding a position

An dispatched employee who stays as a residential member overseas

An employee and supervisor

an employee appointed by the President...whose position...who determines...

an employee at the/an armored car company

An employee of/from...

an employee to

an employee to arrange flowers

An employee who or that

an employee/employees

an/the employee

Any employee or employees

Asking a Boss to Direct an Employee to do something

attract <a high caliber of new employee>

before lower employee interaction weighs on...

benefit < to which > one is entitled as an employee

Cafeteria (employee dining area)

Can I say "a new transfer" as in "a new employee"?

Civil servant, state employee, government employee, official

Collecting <of> the employee's statement: updating <of> regulations.

Company also aligns employee gatherings with company values, tying happy hours to...

completed in <the number of> hours an employee works

Customer service (employee?)



