主要翻译
 
epidemic n (disease: outbreak)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 爆发，传播 bào fā ，chuán bō TC Traditional Chinese 爆發，傳播  (流行病的)
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 疫情 yì qíng  (流行病：广泛蔓延)
 -- Authorities report an epidemic of cholera in the region.
 
epidemic n figurative (prevalence)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 流行，风行 liú xíng ，fēng xíng TC Traditional Chinese 流行  (比喻)
 -- The epidemic of cheating forced the school to take measures.
 
epidemic adj (widespread)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 风行一时的 fēng xíng yì shí de  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 广泛传播的 fēng xíng yì shí de ，guǎng fàn chuán bō de 
 -- Doubts about the policy's success are now epidemic.

复合形式： 
 
epidemic curve n (progress of a disease)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 流行曲线  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 传染曲线 
 
epidemic disease n (disease that spreads rapidly)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 流行病 liú xíng bìng  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 流行性疾病 liú xíng bìng，liú xíng xìng jí bìng 
 -- The epidemic disease spread rapidly through the population.

在这些条目还发现' epidemic '：
在英文解释里：
Black Death - curve - plague
中文：
疫

标题中含有单词 'epidemic' 的论坛讨论：



among the causes of what he described as an epidemic of nervousness

An epidemic of flu / A flu epidemic

an epidemic of public-relations drivel and legalese

Epidemic

Epidemic and pandemic

epidemic has seen

epidemic proportions

epidemic snarls science

epidemic sweeping/to sweep through the country

epidemic <that is> taking place

far into the global AIDS epidemic

get out of the impact of the epidemic

government epidemic prevention requirements

"How is the COVID-19 epidemic going on there?"

It is hoped that the epidemic <will be brought/will have been brought> under control

low experience of medical effects of epidemic

multiple choice question- why did some people call flu an epidemic?

Outbreak or epidemic outbreak?

pandemic/epidemic

secondary and tertiary disease epidemic

Some sort of epidemic of violence what they've been saying.

The major impact of this epidemic worldwide is yet to come.

The number of deaths that arise out of this epidemic in the UK, if it's less than 20,000 ...

The United States is in the grip of an epidemic. Opioid drugs...

There is an epidemic of Dengue Fever in Brazil

To make a real difference to this epidemic

violence is reaching epidemic levels

we need to plan for the possibility containment of this epidemic isn’t possible

