主要翻译
 
essentially adv (basically)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 本来 běn lái TC Traditional Chinese 本來  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 原本 běn lái，yuán běn TC Traditional Chinese 原本 
 -- How do you write a bestseller? Essentially, you just have to keep writing.
 
essentially adv (in essence)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 实质上 shí zhì shàng TC Traditional Chinese 實質上  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 根本地 shí zhì shàng ，gēn běn de 
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 基本上 shí zhì shàng ，jī běn shàng TC Traditional Chinese 基本上 
 -- Aside from cost, the two proposals are essentially the same.

在这些条目还发现' essentially '：
在英文解释里：
basically - boil down - centrally - come down to - in substance - integrally - vitally

标题中含有单词 'essentially' 的论坛讨论：



A and B are essentially the same word

a path my choices in life had essentially made vanish.

and remain essentially unknown

are essentially arguments for the superiority of idleness

Are two different suffixes which perform essentially the same function properly called "synonyms"?

essential/essentially for running

essentially

Essentially - where should I put it ?

essentially / actually / infact / basically

Essentially / Basically

essentially a floating ecological

essentially begging the question for his own position.

Essentially,  [conjunctive adverb?]

essentially...but

essentially/significantly

is essentially a language

Ours is essentially a tragic age,  so we refuse to take it t

position of the adverb, 'essentially'

remain essentially unknown

She had never been accepted into what was essentially a man's world.

The introduction of a motion in the Assembly is essentially internal...

the reforms he had essentially been bred to achieve by his father

There are <essentially> three ways

there is essentially no infrastructure to have clinical follow-up

These were essentially scorched earth operations.

This abandonment exhibits that men essentially only concern

To do otherwise, they said, would be to essentially bless the use of chemical weapons

to essentially evaporate organic tissue

walls were essentially hung from the internal skeleton of steel beams

what goes in is essentially interdisciplinary



