主要翻译
 
horror n (terror)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 恐惧 kǒng jù TC Traditional Chinese 恐懼  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 害怕 kǒng jù，hài pà TC Traditional Chinese 害怕 
 -- The scene at the explosion filled us with horror.
 -- 爆炸现场让我们感到恐惧。
 
horror n (shock, repugnance)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 震惊 zhèn jīng TC Traditional Chinese 震驚  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 憎厌 zhèn jīng，zēng yàn 
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 极度厌恶 zhèn jīng，jí dù yàn wù 
 -- Imagine my horror at learning that she was related to me.
 -- 想象一下，当知道她和我有血缘关系时，我有多震惊。
 
horror adj (book, film: scary, gory)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 恐怖的，让人毛骨悚然的 kǒng bù de ，ràng rén máo gǔ sǒng rán de  (电影、小说等)
 -- I used to like horror films, but don't anymore.
 -- 我以前喜欢看恐怖电影，但现在不喜欢了。

复合形式： 
 
horror movie (US), horror film (UK) n (scary, gory film)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 恐怖片 kǒng bù piàn  
 -- I can't watch a horror movie at night, I get too scared.
 
horror story n (scary story, film, etc.)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 恐怖故事  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 恐怖电影 
 
horror-struck, horror-stricken adj (unable to move from fear)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 吓呆了的  

在这些条目还发现' horror '：
在英文解释里：
gothic - horrified - Oh God! - Oh my God - slasher - slasher movie - zombie
中文：
恐怖

标题中含有单词 'horror' 的论坛讨论：



A fresh horror

a horror film

A horror or an horror?

a horror/the horror

a Japanese horror (film)

a looming stone horror perpetrated

a war film and a horror one/film

affect people differently from John Carpenter's horror film

all went by ugly, ugly, ugly, followed by the plaster-and-gilt horror

and it was all he could do not to recoil in horror

and so prevented the horror of the system

and to their horror out sprang the Yellow Dwarf

Children adore horrifying <horror, horrific, horrible> stories?

deadweight of disjointed horror

details that don't typically distinguish blockbuster horror novels

Difference between terror and horror

drawing up our skirts in horror

exclaimed in <a> mock horror

expressed horror at

fear was driven out by horror

Have you (ever) seen a horror film?

he saw to his horror that

He was grown on horror movies

horror and moral terror

horror if I were forced to

horror of I don't know what/ horror of what I don't know

Horror within

horror-movie prostheses

horror, mirror (pronunciation)

Horror, terror, mirror, borrow.



