主要翻译
 
implement [sth] # vtr (put into effect)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 使生效 shǐ shēng xiào  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 履行 shǐ shēng xiào，lǚ xíng TC Traditional Chinese 履行 
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 实施 shǐ shēng xiào，shí shī TC Traditional Chinese 實施 
 -- The contract was implemented after everyone agreed.
 -- 每个人都同意以后合同就生效了。

其他翻译
 
implement n (piece of equipment)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 工具 gōng jù TC Traditional Chinese 工具  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 用具 gōng jù，yòng jù TC Traditional Chinese 用具 
 -- Oil drilling crews use specialized implements to get through rock layers.
 -- 石油钻井队用专门的工具钻透岩层。
 
implement n (agent, means)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 媒介 méi jiè TC Traditional Chinese 媒介  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 手段 méi jiè，shǒu duàn TC Traditional Chinese 手段 
 -- Statistics can be a useful implement for analysis.
 -- 统计可以作为分析的有效手段。

在这些条目还发现' implement '：
在英文解释里：
administer justice - battledore - bougie - brush - cattle prod - comb - disc plow - flail - fly swat - lunate - masher - plow - potato masher - prod - put in place - put into action - razor blade - sewing needle - shear - shoe horn - speculum - stab - steel - stirrer - tool
中文：
贯彻 - 贯彻执行

标题中含有单词 'implement' 的论坛讨论：

Built the airport in the Lijiang area to implement what is known to historians as the "Hump Operation."

To implement marketing ideas to pitch

adopt implement

Can "implement" be used as an intransitive verb?

Can implement be used with a visit?

Carry out, implement, execute, conduct, fulfil

check up on and implement several other tasks

compliance or implement

Culture is the component most difficult to implement

deal with/implement orders

Easiness & Difficulty of Local Authorities to Implement Laws

I am looking for a job that allows me to implement...

implement

implement / execute

implement a lot of product placement

implement an institution

implement "in national level"?

implement in/into

Implement in/to/into?

Implement new technologies vs. Adopt

implement on, in, or to?

implement or follow a solution?

implement or undertake

implement policies

implement procurement

implement project

implement research

implement this change in/on/to next shipment

Implement/Execute (a text)

implement/realize a numerical algorithm



