主要翻译
 
minority n (smaller number: fewer than half)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 少数 shǎo shù TC Traditional Chinese 少數  
 -- A minority of voters favour keeping things the way they are.
 
minority n (smaller part: less than half)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 少数派 shǎo shù pài TC Traditional Chinese 少數派  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 少数人 shǎo shù pài ，shǎo shù rén TC Traditional Chinese 少數人 
 -- A minority of the company is owned by the founder's children.
 
minority n (social subgroup: ethnic, etc.)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 少数民族 shǎo shù mín zú TC Traditional Chinese 少數民族  
 -- The area has been a home to various minorities for 50 years.
 -- 五十年来，这一地区一直是多个少数民族的家园。

其他翻译
 
minority n as adj (relating to a subgroup)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 少数派（的）  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 少数民族（的） 
 -- Many minority groups were present at the town meeting.

复合形式： 
 
minority group n (social subgroup)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 少数人群  
 
vocal minority n (small number of opinionated people)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 少数诉求声，一小撮人的意见  
 -- The protesters against the village bypass road were a vocal minority.

在这些条目还发现' minority '：
在英文解释里：
Acadian - ethnic - few - Judeo-Spanish - reverse discrimination
中文：
少数 - 少数民族 - 满 - 鲜卑

标题中含有单词 'minority' 的论坛讨论：

with a minority, not just a Russian one

...a guardian being appointed during his minority

...a long minority loomed

a huge in for a lot of minority actors

a minority but nevertheless quite a high percentage

a minority of the public

a small minority of .....

a small minority of these individuals

a small minority/proportion

a substantial minority

a timid or an interested minority

among racial and ethnic minority groups

businessmen minority

Chris Gardner sold a minority stake in/of his brokerage firm

differences in treatment <between> Caucasians and minority groups

Doing something is a minority.

ethnic minority

Ethnic minority or minority ethnic

ethnic minority, in dignity

from the extremist minority

German is not advocating for a Minority Report situation

Greater minority?

have trailblazed explorations of deaf culture and the fact that deaf sign language users form a minority group

I am {of/in} the minority

I am a minority.

I am perhaps in the minority here,

Is AREN'T pronounced /a:nt/ ONLY by a minority of English speakers?

majority opinion and minority opinion

Minority and Ethnic minority

minority descends and face



