主要翻译
 
notion n (idea, concept)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 观念，概念 guān niàn，gài niàn TC Traditional Chinese 觀念，概念  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 想法 xiǎng fǎ TC Traditional Chinese 想法 
 -- Who first developed the notion that life evolves?
 -- 生命进化这个观念是谁首先提出的？
 
notion n (vague idea)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 模糊的概念 mó hu de gài niàn  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 模糊的想法 mó hu de gài niàn，mó hu de xiǎng fǎ 
 -- I have a notion that he'll call us tonight.
 -- 我有个模糊的想法，觉得他今晚会给我们打电话。
 
notion n informal (whim, fancy)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 古怪的念头 gǔ guài de niàn tou  
 -- She got a notion to dye her hair red.
 -- 她生出个古怪的念头，想把自己的头发染成红色。
 
notions npl US (small items, accessories)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 小件日用品 xiǎo jiàn rì yòng pǐn  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 小商品 xiǎo jiàn rì yòng pǐn，xiǎo shāng pǐn 
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 小物件 xiǎo jiàn rì yòng pǐn，xiǎo wù jiàn 
 -- I've bought a nice wooden box to store all my sewing notions.
 -- 我买了一个漂亮的木盒，放我所有的缝纫小物件。

在这些条目还发现' notion '：
在英文解释里：
conception - have an idea of - preconceived - tenuous - vague idea
中文：
理念

标题中含有单词 'notion' 的论坛讨论：

notion/concept/perception of luxury, aesthetics and details that we have in Western countries

[I wonder if] he read that notion in my face

a central notion...is the notion

a nice notion

a notion of theatre

an international notion

around the intriguing notion - meaning

as much notion of whether you’re going to do it or whether you ain’t as a wave coming in,

Back of Robert E. Lee was the notion that...

BBC notion of phallus, plural

Bronn had a lofty notion of what his skin was worth.

care for all people equally<, > a notion that philosophers [comma or semicolon?]

characteristics of the notion of memes

doggy notion

Echoes of that notion reverberated on the campaign trail

false notion of order

fear: single or plural notion

Feed on the notion or build on the premise

flip this notion on its head

get off on the same notion of freedom of as shopping.

give up the notion of consorting with a mere sprite or salamander

had the notion taken me

have <> notion of design and <> knowledge of fashion history [the?]

He had a notion that he was being had.

he's quick to dismiss the notion

how the notion of transsexualism emerges

However plausible the notion of the marine organism may appear

hung up with, notion, barely

I had had some notion of a story

I went to see the fire watch stone only yesterday, with some kind of misplaced notion that seeing the scene of the crime would somehow help. It didn't



