主要翻译
 
previous adj (coming before)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 在前的 zài qián de  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 先前的 zài qián de ，xiān qián de 
 -- Albert had finished the previous day.  The author's new book is even better than her previous one.
 -- 艾伯特在前一天便做完了。
 -- 那位作者的新书比起她之前作品要更好。

复合形式： 
 
previous experience n (situations one has gone through)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 以往经验  
 
previous history n ('s experience up to now)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 以前的经历 yǐ qián de jīng lì  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 既往史 yǐ qián de jīng lì，jì wǎng shǐ 
 -- Their previous history in the field was a key factor in our decision to hire them.
 
previous owner n (former proprietor or keeper)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 原所有人  
 -- The previous owner of my house painted the walls of one bedroom hot pink.
 
previous owner n (person belonged to before)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 原物主  
 
previous to prep (before, prior to)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 在…之前 zài … zhī qián  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 在…以前 zài … zhī qián，zài … yǐ qián 
 -- I lived in Blackpool previous to coming here.

在这些条目还发现' previous '：
在英文解释里：
anterior - anyway - as it was - back pay - back wages - backward - break a record - break back - break the record - chain smoker - chain smoking - chain-smoke - come - compound interest - Constantinople - Counter-Reformation - countermand - criminal record - day before - earlier - ergodic - former - have a change of heart - last - last time - move back - of yore - once before - parlay - past - past life - preceding - predecessor - prerecorded - prior - prior commitment - reflation - regress - regression - relapse - revertible - roll back - round down - secondhand - swing back - the day before - the night before - the week before - third-hand - topper
中文：
昔 - 上 - 先前 - 前者 - 原状

标题中含有单词 'previous' 的论坛讨论：

in my previous email

It's good that the Catholic Church is recognizing its previous mistakes.

my previous post in this thread

Referring to the thing mentioned in the previous sentence

"..and (a) relevant previous experience.."

..is of the same style our previous were, then

'previous reports of the Court’ instead of ‘previous reports by the Court’

'This is a natural step forward from our previous work'

(has) increased from the previous/last survey

[was] or [has been] in some of the previous episodes

a few days previous

a night ago/the previous night

a previous age of the universe that...

a previous generation of leaders

A pronoun for "the previous section"

advance notice/previous notice

all (of) the previous works

All colours please use we selected on our previous discussion

And a previous history / And previous history. Which one?

and <have done><had done><did> so in previous matches too

Anna had borne a son the previous year.

Apparently contradicting previous court documents

As difficult as the previous step may be

as he <had> also bought two books the previous time

as the previous chapter demonstrated/demonstrates

"As the previous song, this one is not that good"

as they often <have> in previous downturns

Aspiration when the previous word ends with s, and the next one begins with p,t,k

at no more than the previous rental value

at previous university



