主要翻译
 
realistic adj (reasonable)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 合乎实际的 hé hū shí jì de  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 公道实际的 hé hū shí jì de ，gōng dào shí jì de 
 -- You can't charge me a hundred pounds - be realistic!
 -- 你不能收我100英镑——公道点！
 
realistic adj (like real)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 栩栩如生的 xǔ xǔ rú shēng de  
 -- The writer's realistic scenes gained him fans.
 -- 该作家栩栩如生的场景描写为他赢得了忠实读者。

其他翻译
 
realistic adj (art: representational)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 写实的，写实派的 xiě shí de ，xiě shí pài de TC Traditional Chinese 寫實的  (艺术、文学等)
 -- The paintings depict a realistic working-class existence.

复合形式： 
 
realistic description n (convincing account)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 如实描述 rú shí miáo shù TC Traditional Chinese 如實描述  
 -- I was nauseated by the newspaper's realistic description of how hamburger meat is processed.
 
realistic fiction n (stories which reflect real life)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 现实主义小说  
 
realistic representation n (convincing depiction)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 如实表现 rú shí biǎo xiàn TC Traditional Chinese 如實表現  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 如实摹写 rú shí biǎo xiàn，rú shí mó xiě 
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 如实表达 rú shí biǎo xiàn，rú shí biǎo dá 

在这些条目还发现' realistic '：
在英文解释里：
believable - come down to earth - convincing - feasible - Get real - gritty - idealist - lifelike - naturalistic - photorealism - photorealist - reachable - realist - sober up - true to life - unconvincing - unromantic
中文：
切实 - 实事求是

标题中含有单词 'realistic' 的论坛讨论：

realistic

a "realistic" person

a realistic prospect of conviction

But there is a realistic possibility of a new era of innovation that could lift living...

"from the realistic point of view"

Hyper realistic?

lifelike realistic

Mark is so.....'grounded'. [realistic]

Morphemes in realistic

non-realistic painting

our ever making realistic claims

real vs realistic

realist vs realistic

Realistic

Realistic

realistic

realistic -- adj form of "Realize"?

Realistic account

"realistic" and numerical

realistic number

realistic or practical?

Realistic or real-like

realistic prospect of conviction

Realistic purpose

realistic <sense><understanding>

realistic shot

realistic/practical

stand up to realistic evaluation

stay grounded [realistic]

The higher the bitrate, the more [...] and the more realistic is the resulting video



