主要翻译
 
regime n (government: system)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 政体，政权 zhèng tǐ ，zhèng quán TC Traditional Chinese 政體，政權  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 国家制度 guó jiā zhì dù TC Traditional Chinese 國家制度 
 -- The people are very unhappy and want to overthrow the regime.
 -- 人民很不满意，想要推翻政权。
 
regime, health regime n (diet, fitness plan)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 饮食方案，节食计划，养生之道 yǐn shí fāng àn，jié shí jì huà ，yǎng shēng zhī dào  (减肥)
 -- I'm trying a new regime to lose weight.
 -- 我在尝试一种新的减肥饮食方案。

复合形式： 
 
ancien régime, ancient regime n (political system in France)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 法国革命前的政治制度 fǎ guó gé mìng qián de zhèng zhì zhì dù  
 
ancien régime, ancient regime n figurative (outdated system)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 过时的体制 guò shí de tǐ zhì  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 过时的政治制度 guò shí de tǐ zhì，guò shí de zhèng zhì zhì dù 
 -- There's no need for new employees to learn the old software; it's ancien régime.
 
totalitarian regime n (dictatorship)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 极权主义政权 jí quán zhǔ yì zhèng quán  
 -- The dictatorships of Stalin and Mao are examples of totalitarian regimes.

在这些条目还发现' regime '：
在英文解释里：
dieter - dietetic - on a diet - tyranny
中文：
政权

标题中含有单词 'regime' 的论坛讨论：

legal regime

(food-)starved regime vs. (food-)starving regime

A clapped-out, distracted regime -?

a deal <that saw> the Syrian regime....

A function of regime  self‑projection

A word for the written or verbal report to the authrotities in a totalitarian regime

adopt a regime or establish a regime

an authoritarian regime under threat like Stalin

Beauty regime

capitulary regime

electoral regime

Emergency regime

from the rise of McCarthyism to support for South Africa’s apartheid regime

In the regime’s ideological determination ...

intellectual property protection <regime>

Iranians are weary of what could come about after the regime falls

its translation into a regime

making too much of the innate evil of the Hilerite regime

may be shifting into a nely framented regime from...

"NO! The Trump/Pence Regime Must Go"

Oil regime

Opposition to the regime ... 'remained muted'

pitch regime from power

Pronunciation of 'regime'

pronunciation: regime

regime

regime  [negative connotations?]

regime of intelligibility

regime was, although not without difficulty, headed / was headed, although ....

Regime, Government, and Administration



