主要翻译
 
relevant adj (related, pertinent)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 有关的 yǒu guān de TC Traditional Chinese 有關的  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 相关的 yǒu guān de ，xiāng guān de TC Traditional Chinese 相關的 
 -- The matter was decided using relevant statutes and precedents.
 -- 这件事的决定是遵照相关法令和先例做出的。
 
relevant to [sth] adj + prep (related to, pertinent to)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 与…相关 yǔ … xiāng guān TC Traditional Chinese 與…相關  
 -- That statement is not relevant to the issue.
 -- 那个陈述与这个问题并不相关。

其他翻译
 
relevant adj (relatable)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 相关的，引起共鸣的 xiāng guān de ，yǐn qǐ gòng míng de TC Traditional Chinese 相關的  
 -- The students were bored by the subject as they didn't find it relevant to them.
 -- 由于不能引起共鸣，所以学生们对于这个主题感到很无聊。
 
relevant adj (bearing on current time)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 具有时效性的  
 -- Even though this philosopher wrote his works some fifty years ago, they are still relevant.
 -- 尽管这位哲学家在大约50年前就写下了这些作品，不过时值当下，它们仍具有时效性。

复合形式： 
 
relevant fact n (pertinent information)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 相关事实 xiāng guān shì shí TC Traditional Chinese 相關事實  
 -- The criminal's race is not a relevant fact in the case against him.

在这些条目还发现' relevant '：
在英文解释里：
ancient history - applicable - apply - apposite - apropos - bear on - bear upon - dead horse - germane - history - irrelevant - neither here nor there - off topic - on topic - on-point - pertain - pertinent - resonant - topical
中文：
相关 - 有关

标题中含有单词 'relevant' 的论坛讨论：

未在Chinese论坛中找到有关“relevant”的讨论

"..and (a) relevant previous experience.."

A paper by...Duarte and his colleagues attempts to organize the existing research relevant to...

a relevant speech

agrees to use system and <logs> relevant information

And the reason that is relevant

appropriate vs. relevant

as relevant

as relevant as they are unmistakable

be competent for relevant work

be relevant

be relevant to/tied to

beyond relevant

bring relevant added value to your quest

Can I use "related" to substitute for "relevant"?

Concerned vs. Respective vs. Responsible vs. Relevant

consumer-relevant lifestyle

corresponding/relevant/according

data more relevant than these

does not want relevant efforts to be scattered

early Middle Ages to still be relevant

ethically relevant respects

Everything I explain today in this lesson, will be relevant

feel it is relevant  / feel it relevant

file the relevant documentation

from all relevant directions

he is <relevant> to the award

Here's <a><the> relevant example with "so"

highly relevant < to/ for> how gender could be effected

if they were to be dropped to the relevant elements

if you find <the relevant processes of malware> still running



