主要翻译
 
several pron (a few)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 几个 jǐ gè  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 数个 jǐ gè ，shù gè 
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 一些 jǐ gè ，yì xiē TC Traditional Chinese 一些 
 -- Do I have a screwdriver? I have several.
 -- 我有没有螺丝起子?  我有几个呢。
 
several adj (a few)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 几个 jǐ gè  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 数个 jǐ gè ，shù gè 
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 一些 jǐ gè ，yì xiē TC Traditional Chinese 一些 
 -- Several things have to be done today.
 -- 有几件事必须在今天做完。 

其他翻译
 
several adj (separate)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 各自的 gě zì de  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 分别的 gě zì de ，fēn bié de 
 -- They went in several directions.
 -- 他们朝各自的方向走去。

复合形式： 
 
have several irons in the fire v expr figurative (work on several things at one time)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 同时做许多事  
 
several times npl (more than twice)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 几次 jǐ cì  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 数次 jǐ cì，shǔ cì 
 -- He had to go to the hospital several times for treatment.
 -- He called me several times each day.

在这些条目还发现' several '：
在英文解释里：
a few times - a number - aggregate - candelabrum - circuit court - contributing - divers - drum set - family size - family-sized - for years - gang rape - gillyflower - grand slam - group rate - irons in the fire - multi-paragraph - multi-sector - multidirectional - multidisciplinary - multiethnic - multifactorial - multifamily - multifunctional - multilayer - multilevel - multilingual - multilingualism - multipack - multiparty - multiplayer - multiple choice - multiple factors - multiplex - multiracial - multistory - multitask - multitasking - multivalent - part-song - polyandrous - polyandry - polygamist - polygamous - polyglot - polymorphic - polynomial - polysemy - polysyllabic - polysyndeton
中文：
几 - 几个 - 几次 - 分头 - 多次 - 成倍

标题中含有单词 'several' 的论坛讨论：

I will have finished my military service several months earlier than others

some years ago / several years ago

...'residencies', which last several (days)...

'In the crowd were several recruits'

'There's... several times'. Why here is used 'is'?

(legal) joint and several

120 clinical trials of curcuminoids against several diseases

3/4 and several times that

A cheese that they sell several pounds of

a delay of several months

a dozen or so/a dozen or more/several dozen/a few dozen

a few /several /a number of / a lot of / many

A few, a couple, several

a few, several, and many before hundred / hundreds of...

a few/ several

a growing interest in, and several efforts to theorise, diplomacy

a line and several addresses

A man was killed and several others (were) injured

a map of Italy "with several huge white ovals superimposed" ???

A river crosses through several countries

a several century-long tradition

a several hours

A several months' trip?

A surprising touch were several original paintings......

a table = a seat = several seats?

a term that expresses being collected several works

a tour taking in several pubs

a word that survives only one (or several) fixed expression(s)?

According to collected information by me in several years

Addressing several recipients in an academic thank-you email



