主要翻译
 
significant adj (with meaning)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 有含义的 yǒu hán yì de TC Traditional Chinese 有含義的  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 有意义的 yǒu hán yì de ，yǒu yì yì de TC Traditional Chinese 有意義的 
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 意义深远的 yǒu hán yì de ，yì yì shēn yuǎn de 
 -- His handshake was a significant gesture considering their past disagreements.
 -- 考虑到他们过去的分歧，他的握手是个颇具深意的举动。
 
significant adj (important)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 重要的 zhòng yào de  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 重大的 zhòng yào de ，zhòng dà de 
 -- The death of the rebel leader was a significant turning point.
 -- 叛军领袖的死亡是一个重要的转折点。
 
significant adj (amount, cost etc: large)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 大的，高的 dà de ，gāo de  (数量，成本等)
 -- Oliver has spent a significant sum of money on renovating the house.
 -- 奥利弗在房屋整修上花了一大笔钱。

复合形式： 
 
significant fact n (important piece of information)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 重要情况 zhòng yào qíng kuàng TC Traditional Chinese 重要情況  
 
significant other n informal (partner, spouse)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 配偶 pèi ǒu  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 另一半 pèi ǒu，lìng yí bàn 

在这些条目还发现' significant '：
在英文解释里：
a long way down - appreciable - attach importance to - consequential - dwarf - feature - full of meaning - give meaning - irrelevance - magnifying - main point - make a difference - make a point - massive - matter of importance - meaningful - meaningfully - merest - of importance - of little consequence - of little importance - of no consequence - operative - other half - preponderate - quantum - rite of passage - small - SO - substantive - tenuous
中文：
另一半 - 重大

标题中含有单词 'significant' 的论坛讨论：



...conclusion. The most significant...

(a) significant 50% of the variance of criteria

[Gradual] [fast] [slight] [significant] increase

a more significant effect

a significant comparable volume and range

A significant factor to include in the budget

a significant part of its appeal

A significant part of our life [passes]?

a significant quantity of provisions

a significant rise of the oil price

a significant roughly 37%

a significant tactical breach along

A still significant percentage of the population continues to smoke.

Achieve fruitful/significant results

ACS’ products made a significant breakthrough in sales , which led ACS to be the leading supplier.

an author <signals to readers that> a particular word or term is significant.

annihilate...significant sounds

are centred and significant

As a population might be economically significant

As she made more significant decisions in her life

As significant a part of

As significant…

at least as significant a role

at least as significant a role

be a barely significant place small <out of> the way dusty town

be met with very significant qualification

being dependent on the significant other

cans are more significant as packaging for drinks than food

carries significant weight

Distributor and end users of Products of significant informa



