主要翻译
 
simply adv (plainly)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 简明地，明白地 jiǎn míng de，míng bái de TC Traditional Chinese 簡明地  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 简单地，纯粹地，坦白地 jiǎn dān de ，chún cuì de ，tǎn bái de TC Traditional Chinese 簡單地 
 -- The young girl was simply dressed.
 -- 那个少女穿着简单。
 
simply adv (nothing more than)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 仅仅 jǐn jǐn TC Traditional Chinese 僅僅  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 只不过 jǐn jǐn ，zhǐ bù guò TC Traditional Chinese 只不過 
 -- Of course I'm not annoyed with you; it's simply that I don't have time to go out with you tonight.
 -- 当然，我不生你的气，我只不过是今晚没时间陪你出去。
 
simply adv (completely)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 简直，完全 wán quán TC Traditional Chinese 簡直，完全  
 -- Mark and Rachel had a simply amazing wedding.
 -- 马克和瑞秋的婚礼简直太棒了！

复合形式： 
 
live simply v expr (avoid extravagant spending)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 俭朴地生活 jiǎn pǔ de shēng huó  
 -- If you lived simply you wouldn't have to work such long hours.
 
quite simply adv (modestly, in a basic way)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 相当简朴 TC Traditional Chinese 相當簡樸  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 相当简单 
 -- I live quite simply by American standards: no cell phone, no cable TV, and only one car.
 
quite simply adv (expressed in a straightforward way)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 坦率地说 tǎn shuài de shuō TC Traditional Chinese 坦率地說  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 说实在话 tǎn shuài de shuō ，shuō shí zài huà 
 -- She is quite simply the best figure skater in the world.

在这些条目还发现' simply '：
在英文解释里：
basically - in plain words - merely - only - purely
中文：
干脆 - 简直

标题中含有单词 'simply' 的论坛讨论：



...simply devastating display.

...simply login with your email address whenever you <'re sending><send> money online.

‘do much more than simply perform tasks’

a line-up simply meaning a line?

a place that simply cannot be just passed by

a thing that you're trying to create simply refuses to be created.

"Abide by rules" OR simply "Abide rules"

Absent any explanation..., I simply cannot...::Two verbs?

absolve himself of all obligation simply by asserting his right to self-fulfilment

admit to or simply admit ?

air...simply existed

All have to do is do, have only to do, simply do

alone or simply

am simply, in my original state—stripped of that blood-bleached robe

and simply abide as consciousness

are seen as simply doing

art that is beyond politics rather than art that simply disavows its politics

As simply as the eye can discern

"Bear leader" vs. simply "Bear"

Because meditation is simply what is

Before working, children get money from their parents and waste it simply.

Briefly or simply?

But the truth is that we simply do not know what happens after death

By “consciousness,” I mean simply “sentience”

can not simply mirror its creators’ purposes

can simply glance and has

casually vs simply

Changed my mind / just simply using changed

classes simply do not give you enough input to speak English

Cloth Cradle or simply cradle?



