主要翻译
 
sufficient adj (enough)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 足够的 zú gòu de  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 充足的 zú gòu de ，chōng zú de 
 -- The hiker made sure she had sufficient food and water for her two-day hike.
 -- 徒步旅行者确保了有足够自己远足两天的食物和水。

其他翻译
 
sufficient adj (suitable, adequate)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 足以胜任的 zú yǐ shèng rèn de  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 适合的 zú yǐ shèng rèn de ，shì hé de TC Traditional Chinese 適合的 
 -- I understand that your parents' divorce upset you, but I don't believe that is sufficient reason for your current bad behaviour.
 
sufficient to do [sth] expr (be enough for or)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 对…来说是足够的  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 足以 TC Traditional Chinese 足以 
 -- Your explanation is not sufficient to answer all my questions.

复合形式： 
 
self-sufficient adj (providing for yourself)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 自给自足的 zì gěi zì zú de  
 -- I want to be self-sufficient and not rely on help from others.
 
sufficient for prep (enough for)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 对…足够 duì … zú gòu TC Traditional Chinese 對…足夠  
 -- He received a stipend sufficient for his basic needs.
 
sufficient to prep (enough to)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 足够去做… zú gòu qù zuò  

在这些条目还发现' sufficient '：
在英文解释里：
adequacy - adequate - adequate supply - ample - any good - autarky - cause - deadly force - dig deep - do the trick - enough - fair - fall short - far enough - have enough - hold out - hydration - inadequate - just enough - last - last out - living wage - old enough - plenty - proficiently - quickie - see through - stretched - suffice - the - underrepresented
中文：
充足 - 从容 - 充 - 足够

标题中含有单词 'sufficient' 的论坛讨论：

a sufficient threshold of financial commitment

Enough X - it is sufficient - Suffice it to...

...are sufficient for my dad to spend...

a level of detail sufficient...

a sufficient number of them

a word to the wise is sufficient

academic standing/ranking had been sufficient

adequate and sufficient

adequate/sufficient

Alcohol taken in sufficient quantities...

Ambiguity in "sufficient to"

and for it to be present in sufficient numbers

are of sufficient importance <that> they cannot be neglected

autonomous/self-sufficient?

Because the company had a reputable name, I did not spend sufficient time reading the details of the warranty.

confer sufficient distinction

confront with sufﬁcient reﬂexivity the dilemmas of a ﬁeld

cut it / enough / sufficient

disguised transactions valued at more than USD 10 billion, and did not have sufficient... - comma

does the smoke alarm battery have sufficient power?

doesn't have sufficient resiliency to surge when…

Enough or sufficient

Enough vs adequate vs sufficient

"enough","sufficient" and "adequate"

Enough/sufficient/plenty [food]

far gentler methods would have been sufficient to dispose of a weakling like himself

feel sufficient pity

For sufficient reasons…

good and sufficient receipts, discharges, releases and indemnities for ...

he adds that it is not sufficient for it raises



