主要翻译
 
vaccine n (substance that inoculates)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 疫苗 yì miáo  
 -- The vaccine protects against three different influenza viruses.
 -- 这种疫苗可以抵抗三种不同的流感病毒。

复合形式： 
 
BCG vaccine n (tuberculosis inoculation)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 卡介苗  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 卡介苗疫苗 
 
flu vaccine n (inoculation against flu)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 流感疫苗  
 
measles vaccine n (inoculation against measles virus)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 麻疹疫苗 má zhěn yì miáo  
 -- The recommended age for the measles vaccine is 12 months of age.
 
MMR vaccine n abbreviation (inoculation)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 麻腮风三联疫苗  (麻疹、流行性腮腺炎和风疹)
 -- The state requires an MMR vaccine before a child can start school.
 
polio vaccine n (substance that inoculates against poliomyelitis)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 脊灰疫苗 jǐ huī yì miáo  
 "" 
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 小儿麻痹症疫苗 jǐ huī yì miáo，xiǎo ér má bì zhèng yì miáo 
 -- The American medical researcher Jonas Salk developed the first polio vaccine.
 
rabies vaccine n (substance that inoculates against rabies)
           --> SC Simplified Chinese 狂犬病疫苗 kuáng quǎn bìng yì miáo  

在这些条目还发现' vaccine '：
在英文解释里：
booster - DPT - MMR - vaccinated
中文：
疫苗

标题中含有单词 'vaccine' 的论坛讨论：

Did you get the Pfizer or the Astrazeneca vaccine?

I finally got my first shot of the COVID vaccine!

I got my second dose of the COVID vaccine last week, but got sick soon after.

a vaccine authorised and <administered>

a vaccine exemption Djokovic said he got to play

administered the vaccine

"After you got the vaccine, how are you feeling now?"

as are pregnant women and infants too young for vaccine.

AstraZenca vaccine is from/of England.

Biontech (vaccine)

"Bird flu vaccine eggs all in one basket"

Capitalization of vaccine names

careful tested AIDS vaccine

companies say that they can't get quite as much vaccine as they hoped for.

create a bespoke vaccine to target

Different types of vaccines/Vaccine

everybody else who had the placebo shot went ahead and got the actual vaccine.

gap in vaccine supply is uneven and inequitable

generate a vaccine supply

Get a vaccine/ Get vaccination

get from a vaccine being distributed

I will get the corona vaccine.

If three doses of HPV vaccine <is> going to

infectiousness of the vaccine

Invent/Discover a vaccine.

its vaccine at one-quarter the dose adults get

low vaccine coverage among the elderly

Madonna claimed a vaccine existed but was being concealed.

overstay one's vaccine

Politicians should be the first ones on whom the vaccine should be tested



